Christian Fundamentalism: Fascinating.
These people really believe that the world is 12 thousand years old.
I swear to God.
"Based on what?" I asked.
"Well, we consider all the people in the Bible
and we have added the ages of everyone since Adam and Eve.
It was 12,000 years old. "
Wow, what a scientific method!
I did not know you guys had been so busy. That's nice.
So you believe the world is 12 thousand years old?
"Yes"
"Okay, I have a question to ask.
A one-word question - are you ready? "
"Dinosaurs"
If the world is 12,000 years old and the dinosaurs existed,
and if they existed at that time, they would have been mentioned in the Bible at some point.
And Jesus and the disciples were walking to Nazareth.
But the trail was blocked by a giant brontosaurus ...
With a thorn in his paw.
And the disciples ran out, shouting, "What a giant lizard, Lord!"
But Jesus was not afraid.
And he removed the thorn from the brontosaurus' paw. And the giant lizard became his friend.
And Jesus sent him to Scotland, where he lived on Loch Ness for many, many years,
attracting thousands of American tourists and their fat families - and their dollar bills.
And the Scots thanked the Lord, "Thank You, Lord.
But I actually asked one of these guys:
"OK, what about dinosaur fossils? How do they fit into your belief?"
I'll sit and gag me here.
He replies, "God put the fossils here to test our faith."
Good thing I'm gagged, man.
I think God put you here to test my faith, man.
Do you believe that?